1
What is a mobile application Activity?
A visual representation of a screen displayed to a user supported by Java code
A function of a mobile application
An interactive element which attaches to a sensor
A content provider
A visual representation of a screen displayed to a user supported by Java code

2
A Mobile Application is
A form of mobile device
A collection of related activities
A system of interconnected screens
A way to get a lot of money very quickly
A collection of related activities

3
What is an Intent in the Android Programming Language?
A reason for an application to work properly
A message passed from one activity to another to launch another activity
A method of interaction between mobile sensors
A method of communication between activities
A message passed from one activity to another to launch another activity

4
What is a Broadcast Receiver?
A radio receiver attached to the mobile device
A type of intent which can interrupt activities
An Android class which handles broadcast intents
An intent which must be handled somehow
An Android class which handles broadcast intents

5
What is a Layout Resource?
A Java code file which provides a text based representation of a screen
A resource file which contains all of the functions of an activity
An image based representation of an activity
A file written in xml which describes the layout of an activity
A file written in xml which describes the layout of an activity

6
Where can the non-code files required by an Application be found?
Under the couch
In the resources directory named res
In the non-Java directories such as layout, strings, colors
In the bin directory of the main project folder
In the resources directory named res

7
Mobile Application services do not have a
An internet or network connection
A User Interface
An associated supporting Jave file
A reason to exist
A User Interface

8
A Manifest file contains
A list of all of the requirements of the app
Java code describing the application name, ID, components of the app, permissions, hardware and software features the app requires
An xml representation of the applications requirements
The application name, ID, components of the app, permissions, and hardware and software features the app requires
Java code describing the application name, ID, components of the app, permissions, hardware and software features the app requires

9
Name the two most common languages which are used to create Modern Mobile Applications?
Java and Kaitlin
C++ and Ruby
Java and Swift
Symbian and RIMM
Java and Swift

10
What are the two most commonly used compiled mobile application file extensions?
avi and mp3
sis and rimm
apk and ipa
doc and docx
apk and ipa

11
In Android, what is a widget?
A summary view of an applications most important data and functions
The basic building block for user interface components
Visual representation of an activity
An Android class is designed to store and manage UI-related data in a lifecycle conscious way
A summary view of an applications most important data and functions

12
What is a Fragment?
The structure for a user interface in your application
A system which manages access to a central repository of data
A system which measures motion, orientation, and various environmental conditions
A representation of a behaviour or portion of an activity
A representation of a behaviour or portion of an activity

13
The five stages of Mobile Development Systems Development Life Cycle are:
inception, design, development, stabilization, deployment
forming, storming, norming, performing, adjourning
feasibility studies, proof of concept, requirements analysis, system architecture, usability testing, design and code review
initiation, planning, execution, and closure
inception, design, development, stabilization, deployment

14
What is a context in android ?
The state of an activity in a Class
The state of a layout based on an Intent
What'chu talkin' 'bout, Willis?
The current state of the application
The current state of the application

15
In general, how do you store data in an Android Application?
As a QR code
In a text file in the resources directory
Data is stored on the device by using the SharedPreferences permissions
In a mySQL server
Data is stored on the device by using the SharedPreferences permissions

16
How do you store heavy structured data in android?
In a text file in the resources directory
In a mySQL server
As an SQLlite database

17
How many orientations does android support?
2 - Horizontal and Vertical
7 - Up, down, left left, a, right, down
6 - Top, Bottom, Up, Down, Strange, Charm
4 - landscape, portrait, sensor and No orientation
4 - landscape, portrait, sensor and No orientation

18
Android is based on which language.
C#
Kotlin
Java
Swift
Java

19
15. Using a content provider, which of the following operations are able to perform?
create, read, update, delete
create, read
create, read, update
create, read, delete
create, read, update, delete

20
What language do you use to create user interfaces in Android?
Android Studio
java and XML
java and SQL
C#
java and XML

21
19. Which of the following are different storage methods available in Android?
shared preferences, internal storage, external storage, SQLite databases, Intermediate storage
shared preferences, internal storage, external storage
shared preferences, internal storage, external storage, SQLite databases
shared preferences, internal storage, external storage, SQLite databases, Network Connection, Intermediate storage
shared preferences, internal storage, external storage, SQLite databases, Intermediate storage

22
ADB stands for
Android Debug Bridge
Application Debug Bridge
Android data bridge
Application data bridge
Android Debug Bridge

23
Which of the following holds Java source code for the application?
res/
assets/
src/
bin/
src/

24
Which of the following don’t have any UI component and run as a background process?
services
simulator
emulator
activity
services

25
What file is the auto generated file which contains resource IDs for all the resources in your res/ directory?
String.xml
Main.java
Menu.xml
R.java
R.java

26
There are four Java classes related to the use of sensors on the Android platform. They are:
BroadcastReciever, OrientationManager, NetworkManager, WirelessManager
IncomingMessage, Intent, R, LayoutManager

Sensor, SensorManager, SensorEvent, SensorEventListener
Sensor, SensorManager, SensorEvent, SensorEventListener

27
Android Intents can be used to start an application. Under what conditions will an application crash based on an Intent?
An Android application cannot be crashed due to an Intent
An Android Intent is sent to the application which is unrecognized and cannot be resolved
The Intent received is handled by an external activity
A great programmer does not have to worry about these things
An Android Intent is sent to the application which is unrecognized and cannot be resolved

28
What is required to successfully process an orientation change in Android?
Ensure the OrientationManager is working correctly
For each activity ensure multiple views exist
Verify that the activity view id provided by the android:id attribute is valid for the view
Shake the phone repeatedly if it doesnt work the first time
Verify that the activity view id provided by the android:id attribute is valid for the view

29
In Mobile Development an activity without a User Interface is known as a:
Sensor
Broadcast Intent
Abstract Activity
Blank Canvas
Abstract Activity

30 The six stages of Mobile Development Systems Development Life Cycle are:
inception, design, development, stabilization, deployment, employment
forming, storming, norming, performing, adjourning, mourning
feasibility studies, proof of concept, requirements analysis, system architecture, usability testing, design and code review
initiation, planning, execution, closure, exposure, foreclosure
feasibility studies, proof of concept, requirements analysis, system architecture, usability testing, design and code review
